FIX: Avoid iteration errors caused by None when reading Nihon Kohden .LOG files (#13915)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13915.bugfix.rst

> Fix iteration errors caused by `_read_event_log_block` returning `None` when reading Nihon Kohden log files, by `Tom Ma`_.

Reviewer: Changelogs are (mostly) for end-users, so we usually only want to reference public-facing functions in them
```suggestion
Fix iteration errors in :func:`mne.io.read_raw_nihon` when reading log files, by `Tom Ma`_.
```
(if we really wanted to mention the private function we could use code mode with double-backticks, but I don't see much value for people in mentioning the private function name)
